Dear Jun,

SO, WHAT IS REMASTERED?

REMASTERED is a concert experience hosted by the ASO. It is specifically designed for our 18 - 30 year old audience (if you've received this, and you're over 30 - AVERT YOUR GAZE!) as a way to mingle and enjoy some eats, drinks and live entertainment after the concert in a unique setting.

There are four of these events throughout the year, taking place after one of our concerts in the stunning ADL Town Hall. 

The concert, all entertainment, drinks and food are included in the ticket price. You just bring yourself & some friends - we provide the good times.

Further information on the concert and the afterparty can be found below.

BOOK NOW
THE DEETS

WHEN IS THIS HAPPENING?!?

REMASTERED 1    Apr 29  8pm - 11:30pm

WHERE IS THIS HAPPENING?!?

Concert @ ADL Town Hall.
Then... underground (literally). A short walk from the ADL Town Hall, down a concealed staircase...

WHO IS THIS HAPPENING TO?!?

You! And, your friends.

THE DEAL

First, you'll be whisked away by the talents of the Adelaide Symphony performing in the Adelaide Town Hall, in a program featuring young cello superstar Narek Hakhnazaryan. After the concert, take a trip to a subterranean destination, where you'll find live entertainment, drinks, eats, beats and peeps. From 9:45pm - 11:30pm, we've got you sorted. These evenings are a chance for you to hear new music, meet new people and mingle with the young musicians of the ASO.

The inaugural #remastered will feature the talents of rising star, percussive guitarist Simeon Baker (pictured). An ADL local, having lived in the UK for two years honing his craft - Simeon's star is on the rise. Last year Simeon opened for famous UK act Everything Everything, and will perform at the UK's pre-eminent Glastonbury Festival later this year. Yeah, it's kind of a big deal.

Local burgeoning ADL photographer Samantha Herbut (pictured) will adorn the space with photography from around ADL and her travels abroad to Europe. Her bright, clean style capture a unique perspective of our beautiful city, and the amazing architecture and landscapes of Europe. 

All eats, drinks, entertainment and good times are provided for in the cost of your ticket. 

You just show up and enjoy the ride.



THE CONCERT

ELEGANT TCHAIKOVSKY


PROGRAM SNAPSHOT

Conductor:       Arvo Volmer
Cello:                 Narek Hakhnazaryan

Sibelius             Tapiola 
Tchaikovsky      Rococo Variations
                           -Interval-
Nielsen              Symphony No 4

BOOK NOW
Before the afterparty, comes the concert. 27 year old Armenian cellist, Narek Hakhnazaryan (pictured) will leave you in awe through a display of flawless virtuosity. Performing Tchaikovsky's Rococo Variations, this young superstar was the winner of the International Tchaikovsky Competition (one of the most prestigious prizes in the classical music world) at the tender old age of 22, where he won gold in 2011.

Opening this concert is Jean Sibelius' tone poem Tapiola - drawing on Finnish folklore, this work depicts the animating forest spirit Tapio who lurks near the bleak pine-forests of southern Finland. Dark, lush and brooding Scandinavian forest-scapes are evoked by Sibelius' genius use of orchestral colour. 

Concluding the concert is Danish composer Carl Nielsen's electrifying Symphony No 4 - "The Inextinguishable". Beginning with one of the most jolting introductions in the history of orchestral music, this symphony revels in the philosophy and experiences of life in all its forms. Carl Nielsen himself said about his Symphony No 4 - "'The symphony evokes the most primal sources of life ... that is what lies behind all human, animal and plant life, as we perceive or live it'. 

So, strap yourself in for quite the ride!

HOW MUCH? HOW DO I BOOK?

You've got two options... 

You only want to come to this one? Single pass - $75*
You want to come to all four (and save some $$$)? Season pass - $280*

* Each ticket includes an A-reserve seat for the concert (among the best seats in the house) and afterparty. 
