From: BL Buslaw <buslaw@deakin.edu.au>
To:  _All Staff, _All Students
Subject: IMPORTANT INFORMATION -- Trimester 3 Result Release
Message:

Good afternoon,

 

Trimester 3 results will be released on Thursday evening, March 3.

 

Following this, the Faculty will be experiencing a peak period and it may take up to five days for us to respond to your questions (if submitted via email). We will also be experiencing a high volume of calls during this period.  


Please see the following page for Frequently Asked Questions regarding results release. We strongly recommend you read through this page prior to contacting the Faculty, as it may have the answer you require.

 

Please see below for answers to some of the most frequently asked questions following results release.

 

How do I apply for a COE extension?

 

Applications can be made through the following online form. Please note it can take up to ten (10) working days to receive an outcome.
I don’t agree with my final result for a unit, what can I do?

If you think your assignment and exam marks have been added up incorrectly or a mark is missing from your final result, you should apply for an Administrative Review of Result.

If you believe that the information provided in the Unit Guide or the University assessment policies were not followed, you should apply for an Academic Review of Result. In your application you must provide reasons to show how they were not followed. Exam feedback and special consideration are not accepted grounds for an academic review to be awarded.

If you intend to apply for a review of result, you must do this via the online form within 5 working days of the date of official notification of results. Applications close at 11:59pm on Thursday 10 March 2016.
Final Unit to Complete and Pass Conceded

A Final Unit to Complete (FUTC) supplementary assessment is available to students who meet the following criteria:

    The student is one credit point short of completing his/her program of study
    The unit mark in question is 40 or greater and less than 50 and was undertaken in the last 12 months
    The student is not eligible for a Pass Conceded (see below)
    The student has not been awarded a Final Unit to Complete supplementary assessment before

Please follow the link to apply for a Final Unit to Complete supplementary assessment and more details about eligibility.

Pass Conceded (PC) is available to students meet the following criteria: 

    You are one credit point short of completing your course
    You have not failed any hurdle requirement in that unit
    You have not been awarded a Pass Conceded grade for any other unit
    The unit result is between 45% and 50%, and
    You have received a fail grade for no more than the number of units as specified in the table below.

How can I get my completion letter?

For international students, a completion letter will be automatically sent to the residential address you have nominated with Deakin. If you require one early, please contact Deakin Central, who can also produce a Letter of Completion on campus.  


Kind regards,

Faculty of Business and Law | Deakin University

Address: 70 Elgar Road, Burwood VIC 3125, Australia

Phone: +61 3 9244 6555 E-mail: buslaw@deakin.edu.au

Website: www.deakin.edu.au/buslaw

Deakin University CRICOS Provider Code 00113B

 

 

 

[sync.deakin.edu.au/get-started]

 

 

Important Notice: The contents of this email transmission, including any attachments, are intended solely for the named addressee and are confidential; any unauthorised use, reproduction or storage of the contents and any attachments is expressly prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please delete it and any attachments from your system immediately and advise the sender by return email or telephone. Deakin University does not warrant that this email and any attachments are error or virus free.

 