
Mr Zhang,

Your gift this month will make a big difference for girls’ education — helping Syrian refugee girls go back to school, fighting for equal rights and funding secondary education projects around the world.

Your generosity transforms lives. And we are so grateful for you.

Your recent donation has been doubled and will make twice the impact for girls. Thanks to the generous support of an anonymous donor, all gifts made online in March have been matched up to $150,000 USD — including yours.

Because of you, we just hit our original goal! Even more exciting? Our anonymous donor doesn’t want us to stop and has increased the matching donation by $50,000!

At this moment, we're $24,877 away from the new goal, but the campaign deadline is tomorrow. That’s why we need your help to get the word out right now. Can we count on you to forward this email to three friends and invite them to join you?

Syrian refugee girls like Mariam are back in class thanks to the support of donors like you. We've included her story below. Please read it and then spread the word to help reach our goal before the month ends.

Thank you, 
Malala Fund Team

————— Forwarded message from Malala Fund ——————


Friend,

The conflict in Syria began five years ago. Nobody knows when the fighting will end.

But we know this for sure: we can and we must do more to help 3.8 million children affected by the Syria conflict.

Last month in London, Malala and Muzoon called on world leaders to commit $1.4 billion USD a year to support the education of Syrian children — just $1 a day per student.

Without education, there is no future for Syria. This generation of young Syrians is not lost — not yet, not unless we give up on their education. That's why we won’t stop fighting until every Syrian girl is back in school. But we can’t do it without your support. Donate before the month ends to double your impact for girls denied an education.

Your support matters, friend.

It matters to girls like Mariam, a Syrian refugee girl living in Lebanon’s Bekaa Valley. Mariam’s family arrived in Lebanon three years ago to escape the conflict that engulfed their home. Until last summer, she relied on local education programmes that lasted only a month or two at a time. She missed learning about history, math and science.

That all changed last summer. With support from Malala Fund donors, Kayany Foundation opened the Malala Yousafzai All-Girls School.

Now Mariam and more than 100 refugee girls like her are able to go to school every day and get the education they deserve. Mariam looks forward to walking to school with her closest friends from class.

 Donate Donate Now

For every Syrian refugee girl like Mariam, who has joyfully returned to school, there are thousands more still out of school. Let’s build another school and support other projects that help Syrian refugee girls like Mariam. Donate now to double your gift and support girls' education.

Your support also matters to world leaders and policy makers. Their education funding and policy decisions are the key to any solution. But too often, education is not a priority.

Make a donation today to set an example for governments — that we can and must do more. Like us, they can build schools and must keep fighting until every girl is in school.

Donate Now

We are close to our $200,000 USD goal for this month’s matching gift campaign, which will end after 31 March. Your contribution of any amount will add to the fight for every girl's right to an education, particularly girls living in conflict zones.

And when you start donating monthly in March, every single one of these donations throughout 2016 will be doubled. Your $30 monthly donation will be matched for the next 10 months, becoming $60 a month and going even further for girls’ education all year long.

Your support today matters.

It matters to the millions of young Syrians out of school. It matters to their parents who want their children to have the education they need to build a better future. Please support this important work and double your gift today, before the matching campaign ends.

With gratitude, 
Malala Fund Team

Donate Now

This month, you're hearing from Malala Fund more than usual. The reason is simple: we need to hit our fundraising goal in March to keep fighting for girls' education. If you've already made your gift or would rather not receive emails about this campaign, click here to stop receiving emails until April.

Sent via ActionNetwork.org. To update your email address or to stop receiving emails from Malala Fund, please click here.


	
Click here to Reply or Forward