Dear Mr Zhang,

We’re delighted to confirm that a new EveryDay Transaction Account for Jonathon Schlack has been opened. 

You’ll soon receive a Welcome Pack in the mail, as well as your new Debit MasterCard®

CONVENIENT INTERNET, PHONE AND MOBILE BANKING
You can access your new EveryDay Transaction Account via internet, phone and mobile banking. All you need is your Customer ID along with your Access Code.

Your Customer ID is: 6653378 

If you are new to these services you’ll need an Access Code. If we have your mobile number you’ll receive an SMS containing this, otherwise please contact us on 13 15 63 to obtain it.
If you already have access to internet, phone or mobile banking then nothing has changed and you can log-in straight away and see your new EveryDay Transaction Account.

Also, for more convenient banking on the go, ME Bank’s Mobile Banking App is now available from the Google Play and iTunes stores.

WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
You will receive a Welcome Pack in the mail containing these account details for your records. 
You will receive your new Debit MasterCard.
For fast activation of your Debit MasterCard, log in to Internet Banking or contact us on 13 15 63. 
DID YOU KNOW?
We can conveniently and simply switch your direct debits and credits to your new EveryDay Transaction Account. Learn more about switching at mebank.com.au/switch 

ANY QUESTIONS?
We’re always happy to help. For any questions, please contact us on 13 15 63, 8am to 8pm Monday to Friday or 9am to 5pm Saturday (AEST/AEDT)

Yours sincerely

ME Bank Customer Team

THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW
This is an automatically generated email. Please do not reply to this email. 
This email and any attachments are confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, you must not disclose, distribute, copy or use the information contained in this email or any attachments. If you have received this email in error, please delete this email and any attachments. 

Members Equity Bank Pty Ltd ABN 56 070 887 679 AFSL 229500.
MasterCard and the MasterCard brandmark are registered trademarks of MasterCard International Incorporated. 
Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.
 
This email and any attachments are confidential. If you've received this email in error, please tell the sender immediately by return email and delete this email and any attachments.

Please ensure that any emails regarding ME Bank’s products and services are not forwarded to those who have previously advised you that they don’t want to receive such promotional emails.
If this email contains promotional content and you do not wish to receive promotional emails from ME Bank in future, please click here to unsubscribe.
Members Equity Bank Limited ABN 56 070 887 679 AFSL and Australian Credit Licence 229500. www.mebank.com.au