Hi Mr Zhang, 

It's great to have you on board. As a Suncorp Bank customer, you now have access to a range of useful tools that make managing your money so much easier, as outlined below. If you've already taken advantage of these tools, you're off to a flying start.

Make the most of your banking experience
To get started, call 13 11 75 to receive your Access Code (TAC). You'll need this code to set up your Internet Banking, Mobile Banking and Telephone Banking services. Also be sure to organise a verbal password, to make things easier when you call us in future.

Register for Internet Banking
Get secure and easy access to your funds. Once you have your Temporary Access Code (TAC), registering for Internet Banking is simple. Just follow these steps:
1. Go to suncorpbank.com.au/internetbanking and click 'register'
2. Complete the online registration form
3. Make a note of your Customer ID
4. Login to Internet Banking using these details

You can use the same details for Mobile Banking – simply download the Suncorp Bank App onto your phone or go to suncorpbank.com.au in your mobile phone's internet browser. Once registered, you'll be able to manage your money on the go.

Our Internet and Mobile Banking services allow you to view balances, pay bills and make transfers both locally and worldwide. Don't forget to set up your direct debits and direct credits. Plus, your account might be eligible to receive an eStatement rather than paper statement. Simply select ‘eStatements’ from the menu when you access Suncorp Bank Internet Banking to find out more.

Set up Telephone Banking
Manage your money anytime, anywhere. Once you have your Telephone Access Code (TAC), call 13 11 25 to access Telephone Banking. 

Your Security OnlineSuncorp Bank will never send you an email asking you to verify your details, reset your account or supply any personal details. If you receive a suspicious email appearing to have been sent by Suncorp Bank, forward the email to us at security@suncorp.com.au. If you suspect you have responded to a fraudulent email, contact us immediately on 13 11 75.

Again, thanks for choosing to bank with us. If you have any questions or require further assistance, call us on 13 11 75. If you would like more information visit suncorpbank.com.au

Kind regards, 
Kevin Potter
Executive General Manager, Distribution