	Dear Samsung Milk Music Customer, 
 
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
 
Thank you for supporting Samsung Milk Music over the past year.
With a heavy heart, we will be closing the service in Australia on April 28, 2016. After this date, you will no longer be able to stream music or access your cached music from Samsung Milk Music on your Samsung devices.
If you have subscribed to Milk Premium, the auto-renewal of your current subscription will be automatically disabled on March 21, 2016. We will also no longer be accepting any new subscriptions or renewals after March 21, 2016.
We want you to keep enjoying the music you love and have partnered with Google PlayTM Music to offer Samsung Milk Music customers 3 months of Google Play Music on us* (subject to the terms below)**.
Click here to redeem your offer now.
If you have any additional questions, please contact us or visit our help website for more information.
Thank you for your support and joining us on a wonderful journey.

Sincerely,
Samsung Milk Music Australia Team


 

About Google Play Music
Get on-demand access to more than 35 million songs, ad-free. You'll discover more music to love with recommendations that get smarter the more you play as well as expertly curated radio stations for what you're doing or how you're feeling. Add songs* from your personal music collection and stream them anywhere. Plus, download* your streamed music to your compatible phone or tablet to listen even when you're not connected.
*Internet connection required. Data charges may apply.

**Terms & Conditions
Promotion only open to residents of Australia who have used the free or paid versions of Samsung’s Milk Music by April 28, 2016. Offer only available to customers who are not current Google Play Music subscribers, have not been Google Play Music subscribers nor participated in a Google Play Music trial in the past 12 months. Offer must be redeemed by September 30, 2016. Valid form of payment required at sign-up but will not be automatically charged until the trial period expires (being 3 months from the date of redemption of the offer). Then you will be charged the standard subscription price, currently $11.99 per month. You can cancel your trial at no charge at any time before the trial is over. Offer requires a Google account. Full terms here. Promoter: Samsung Electronics Australia, 3 Murray Rose Avenue, Sydney Olympic Park NSW 2127. Google PlayTM is a trademark of Google Inc.


This is an automated message. Please do not reply.	 
 
 	
 	
Authorised by Samsung Asia Pte Ltd. If you have any questions, please contact us.