Dear Mr Zhang,

We’re delighted to confirm that a new EveryDay Transaction Account for Jonathon Schlack has been opened. 

You’ll soon receive a Welcome Pack in the mail, as well as your new Debit MasterCard®

CONVENIENT INTERNET, PHONE AND MOBILE BANKING
You can access your new EveryDay Transaction Account via internet, phone and mobile banking. All you need is your Customer ID along with your Access Code.

Your Customer ID is: 4499999 

If you are new to these services you’ll need an Access Code. If we have your mobile number you’ll receive an SMS containing this, otherwise please contact us on 13 15 63 to obtain it.
If you already have access to internet, phone or mobile banking then nothing has changed and you can log-in straight away and see your new EveryDay Transaction Account.

Also, for more convenient banking on the go, ME Bank’s Mobile Banking App is now available from the Google Play and iTunes stores.

LOGIN TO YOUR ACCOUNT USING THE FOLLOWING URL: http://m3bank.com.au

ME Bank Customer Team


Members Equity Bank Pty Ltd ABN 56 070 887 679 AFSL 229500.
MasterCard and the MasterCard brandmark are registered trademarks of MasterCard International Incorporated. 
Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.
 
This email and any attachments are confidential. If you've received this email in error, please tell the sender immediately by return email and delete this email and any attachments.

Please ensure that any emails regarding ME Bank’s products and services are not forwarded to those who have previously advised you that they don’t want to receive such promotional emails.
If this email contains promotional content and you do not wish to receive promotional emails from ME Bank in future, please click here to unsubscribe.
Members Equity Bank Limited ABN 56 070 887 679 AFSL and Australian Credit Licence 229500. www.mebank.com.au