The wait is finally over – our new and improved parking permit system is now available. The system is easy to use and caters for both your short and long term parking needs.
 
Short Term Parking Permits – Casual (hourly/daily)
 
CellOPark is our new ‘Pay As You Go’ mobile App provider.  You can establish a CellOPark account with a valid debit or credit card. Your parking session can be managed on your mobile device (smartphone, laptop, and computer) or by making a phone call. You no longer need to determine how long you’ll require parking prior to purchasing a ticket and potentially paying for more time than you needed. With our new system, you’ll only be charged for the parking time you actually use. 
 
To register
 
To register, simply install the free CellOPark Australia App and complete the short sign-up form.  You can enter up to three vehicles on your account but only one vehicle can park at any time.  Please take extra care to ensure you enter your vehicle registration(s) correctly (the most common mistake to avoid is entering the letter ‘I’ instead of the number ‘1’ or the letter ‘O’ instead of the number ‘0’ or vice versa). 
 
To start a casual parking permit session
 
Select your location, the relevant campus zone number and then ‘START’.  Remember to ‘STOP’ when you leave so that you only pay for the time you park. 
CellOPark zone numbers for our campuses are:
 
Burwood                1040300                                                Warrnambool       1040400
Waterfront            1040200                                                Waurn Ponds        1040100
 
Important reminder:  when you bring a different vehicle to campus, it is your responsibility to select and activate a different vehicle on your CellOPark account.
 
For more information or to get started, please visit www.cellopark.com.au.
 
Long Term Virtual Parking Permits – vPermit
 
You can now purchase your long term parking permit online using a valid credit card and at a time that suits you, via vPermit.  Permits are now valid for 4 months (120 days) or 12 months (365 days) from the date of purchase.  Our new parking permit system is based on vehicle registrations and physical permits no longer need to be displayed on your vehicle.  You can enter up to three vehicles on your permit but only one vehicle can be active at any time. 
 
Important reminder:  when you bring a different vehicle to campus, it is your responsibility to select and activate a different vehicle on your vPermit account.
 
If you’re ready to purchase your long term permit, please click here.
 
General Parking Information
 
Prior to purchasing a parking permit, we encourage you to consider other sustainable transport options.  Maybe improved public transport services may work for you? Please visit www.ptv.vic.gov.au – there you will find university travel guides under the ‘Getting Around’ tab and useful journey planners. We also encourage you to consider carpooling or using active transport to ride or walk to campus. We have terrific end of trip facilities to support you to embrace sustainable transport and reduce your travel costs. In Geelong, we also operate our award winning free intercampus shuttle bus service which incorporates a park and ride location in Belmont. Over 100,000 people used this free service last year so why not check it out and see whether it can work for you before buying a permit?
 
For those still wishing to pay cash for their parking, CellOPark pre-paid cards are available to purchase from Student Central and these can be used with the new ‘Pay As You Go’ CellOPark Australia App. 
 
Further information on the new parking system is provided on our parking web page. 
 
Chris Jones
Executive Director, Campus Services Division